ee a tar =

Ce ee ea Le eRe

 

5 motional Transformation

#1
It is possible to attach emotions to natural phenomenon, rather than to

people.
Examples:

We enjoy the activity of sending out sales-quotes in anticipation of the JOY
they will bring to the recipient, which could trigger further JOYOUS events
like confirmation of the order, financial benefit, the TRUST it generates among
employees and customers etc.

Nowhere in this process should a person be involved. Not a competitor, not a
contemporary, not even Self (because serving ego is a risky undertaking into

unknown outcomes).
This sets up the topic of Egoistic Relationships vs. Phenomenal Relationships.

This is the way to see relationships through the third eye. The third eye that
comes in essence, the Phenomenal Eye.

Egoistic, relationships, fundamentally exist, based on serving the ego of
another person, and having them serve our ego.

A phenomenal relationship addresses, the overall natural context of the other
person, and mine, which, due to the nature of our engagement, with each
other, have unified to some extent. Practicing a phenomenal relationship,
addresses the well-being of this natural phenomenon environment primarily.
Secondarily, but almost as importantly, it caters to the ego of the person you
are cultivating a relationship with. BUT, let none of your activities/actions, or
those of your relationship effect your own ego, as it will inevitably lead into a
dark place.

Si

In default mode, I don't hesitate to cause pain to another with verbal sleigh.
A TNed

Then after a bit, realizing that I have caused injury, I rush to heal the other

person, usually again with words.

Roadrage

Thanks to Stuttgart's over-parked streets, an impasse occurred between my
blue Tiguan and a small car coming in the opposite direction. After piecing the
situation together a few times in retrospect, what actually happened in those
split seconds was that both cars were coming fast enough in opposite
directions that there was a high risk of sideward contact if they were both in
motion. My reflex was to brake immediately, so did the opposite driver. Two

cars stood-off on the road for a good 10 seconds, as others lined behind each.

By this time there was a spray of adrenaline in my brain, leading to an anger
response and I had a few words of slur in my mouth, intended to be hauled
COR ie Lae em eno nacontae@ i oe maleReu Mele ine lexela ico
(commensurate to the dimension of the visible vehicle), as soon as I got a
glimpse inside the window. A hand waved signalling that my car should pass
into the space available on the road. I proceeded, and as the moment of verbal
delivery came, the opposite driver, who to my surprise was a short-, dark-
haired young woman. Before I could deliver my words, she shot off two or
three lines of rapid verbal assaults of derogatory language. And then she
drove away very quickly, almost in a hurry to escape the scene before her

opponent had a chance to speak.

Now, words are forgotten quickly, but what stuck was that she got the better
of me in that moment. It took me some time, actually a few days, to reconcile
the situation, or shall we say "the defeat’. So much so, that I needed to pen this

account to process it.

Who was right and who was wrong, if either?

Was the verbal assault called for? Was it necessary? What is the efficacy of
such assaults — in the situation and after?

Are women better at this than men? If so, what is the appropriate action to
take as a polar-man in the situation, when perhaps the consequences are
greater?

How does this connect to the yogic learnings of managing Aham (ego), Chitta
(perception) and Buddhi (cognition)? How must these be employed effectively
in the situation?

What neural networks lead to the reflexes?

Were the reflexes correct, or should alternative ones have fired?

If it is the correct one, how can the yogic mindset be hardwired to deliver a
fitting reflex /response by default?

Which behaviour is appropriate to manifest in the moment?

And how does this scale to other situations?

What is the baseline common learning from this situation that can be applied

(in a default mode) to similar general situation?
Behavioural Cues

Wrap an iron fist in a velvet glove.

Emotional Labour

Man-Woman relationships, after the honeymoon period, require emotional

labor.
Where do emotions come from?

Emotions are triggered when specific neurochemicals reach certain

neurological circuits in the brain.

Relationships, no matter professional, private or even with strangers (a

rockstar, a politician on the TV, or an actor), invoke Emotions.

They fire Subconsciously, without our knowledge. Then they begin to define
and determine our behaviour toward the person. From that point onward, they

define almost all of that relationship.

© So where does that very first emotion, the trigger, come from?
e Is it possible to lead a relationship without the emotion?

e Is there a purpose to leading a #relationship without emotion?
Die SB aero aes

e Is it in some ways advantageous?

Is it possible to base a relationship purely on #rationality?

Are desires rooted in emotion?

If so, would controlling emotions give us the power to control desire?
And finally, can we consistently control our own emotion?

https: //wwwverywellmind.com/theories-of-emotion-2795717

Outcomes, Attachment and Detachment

Emotions are co-related to our Attachment to Outcomes.

Detachment relieves us from Emotions.

The Source

1. The true self that you got disconnected from is still available to you.

2. We are all born wanting to love and to be loved.
Trauma

We don't respond to the present moment. We respond to the past.

Multigenerational trauma.

Ca Sees y4

Book Reviews

Index Mentally Strong Parent Subtle Art of not Giving a Fuck Silva
Method Control Method The New Earth Society’s madness is evident
in the violence people inflict upon each other and on the planet. Ego

fuels the destructive forces in the mind. The consequences of ego

CIV) ta

Pa

Don't think, be in Flow The body & the mind offer resistance to the will
of the flow. Albert Einstein, on Energy & Spirit “I didn’t arrive at my
understanding of the fundamental laws of the universe through my

rational mind.’ “Concerning matter, we have been all wrong. What

 

CIV) ta

sa ee ays)

Being right or wrong is decided on three counts — legal, logical,

ethical /moral and socially normative.

CIV) ta

Bi Powered by Blogger

Cornero
